my name is summer Shapiro and I live in
San Francisco
I am a actress and a clown I'm also also
a singer I'm also a singer I I do know
how to do different styles of theater
like I'll do ajun styles I'm also a
dancer and I study the nutrition of four
monkeys I'm also an incredible Acrobat I
fly through the air with ease and
agility and strength and smoothness
I am upside down I have been to the moon
I am also a dinosaur hunter I just want
to say I make puzzles I just want you to
know that I really love noodles I'm
known for my smell maybe we shouldn't do
this I think I've just got myself in a
lot of trouble
I don't think I think they can still
hear me
still going this is serious
you